It this letter I'm going to show you how to install up in Sydney for us.
Actually it's pretty much simpler.
So let's see how it works.
Of course I assume that you have already installed.
In my case I have Ruskin I think it's possible also to install any other version although there could
be some differences between the versions of up and see the use in the different versions of Ross.
So for example here in a row schematic up in Sivy virtuously is being used.
So in a peaceful open Zeevi It's simple open a terminal.
Then first of all update your system to do a pretty good idea to take some time to update your repositories.
Now this system is updated so later on you're going to start oppositely by using.
You do get installed Russ the version of Rush you have to make is it's kinetic options.
So you can see and you have options here.
Yes.
And it is already installed in my system.
So in your case it's going to install all PCD into your system.
You can very fine if the OP is installed or not.
You can use Python here.
And then what you need to.
So if you don't see any error it means that you have everything is stored correctly on your computer.
You party two images in Port au in the library.
You buy.
You can exit.
Now we may also need some additional ones.
We also the install use camera package and this is also simple after first of all would need to update
your system and then you do it should you get Ross version then.
Yes we got.
So in my case it's already installed.
And also make sure that you have that image you know you can install the Ross version and then image
so image view allows us to use images from USP or from other image topics.
So I have already installed.
So that's pretty much this other different tools that we need.
And now we are ready actually to start a practical part of our city with us.